README.md, before:

# Kourken Kasbarian's official portfolio

This is my official portfolio website, where you'll find my works, experience, skills, projects and more...

Website: [Kourken Kasbarian](https://kkasbarian.com/)

## Feedback:

If you want to request a project or give a feedback, I'll be glad if you reach out to me from my site or on my socials mentioned on the website.

## Versions and changes:

1.0: Initial release, with lots of issues and bugs. *(Jul 9, 2017)*

1.1: Fixed some layout issues, tidied some CSS. *(Jul 15, 2017)*

1.2: Fixed portfolio buttons issue, made some small bug fixes and changes. *(Aug 12, 2017)*

1.3: Changed some colors and layout redesigns. Some buttons style changes. small footer changes. *(Aug 12, 2017)*

1.4: Added intro loader animation while the page loads and animated some elements on scroll. *(Aug 31, 2017)*

1.5: A huge update, where I changed the form submission request from Formspree to a better and convenient option which doesn't even need a server or backend to be used. There is also an AJAX response when a form is submitted (so no redirects) and spam prevention is (hopefully) there too. Finally, I deleted the local saved Font Awesome folder and instead added an external link in my HTML. *(Sep 18, 2017)*

1.6: Changed the layout of the 'Some Skills' section from stacking horizontally to stacking vertically of the icons. Changed the text of the 'About' section and made it more professional. Finally, I added few more social links on the Footer. *(Sep 27, 2017)*

1.7: A small update, I added a "Last Updated" section at the bottom of the page and made the year at the footer change automatically. *(Oct 1, 2017)*

1.8: A critical update, I fixed the navigational buttons not-working-at-all issue. *(Oct 5, 2017)*

2.0: A **Huge** update, where I rebuilt and redesigned the site from the grounds up, it includes many bug fixes, a whole new navigation with lesser code than the previous template one (I wrote it myself this time), more minimalist sections, lesser code overall (got rid of nearly 450 lines of CSS), better and minimal footer, overall better color combination throughout the site, removed lot of local JS files and linked CDN links instead, removing and adding different JS libraries and more... *(Nov 15, 2017)*

2.1: Just a small update, added my Resume, finally. That button was left empty for a long time!! *(Dec 26, 2017)*

2.2: Small update, added the Google Clone Projects, which is built with SASS, also tweaked some styling in the skills section. *(Jan 14, 2018)*

2.5: Fairly a big update, I finally got my personal domain, kkasbarian.com, set it to my personal portfolio website, changed some Google related features to adapt to the new domain, changed the links throughout the site to the new domain and updated the site description. *(Jan 27, 2018)*

2.6: A small update, added many projects on my portfolio to showcase my work! *(Jan 30, 2018)*

2.8: Another small one, changed my About bio pic. *(May 26, 2018)*

3.0: A **Big** update, I redesigned the site, picked one accent color throughout the site, changed the banner content and made it more minimal and to the point, added some nice touch to the about section, added many skills and new services, made slight changes to the portfolio section, changed the design and layout of the contact form and also changed the colors of the footer. As a bonus, I removed the random page, which was too nooby to be honest!! Made some slight changes and updates to the privacy and credits pages and some more... *(Jun 4, 2018)*

3.1: Small one, added FreeCodeCamp's challenges in my Portfolio section, which links to a README, which contains links to some of the challenges. *(Aug 1, 2018)*

3.2: Small update, added a CTA before the footer to hire me on Upwork for freelance projects! Cool idea eh?! *(Aug 2, 2018)*

3.3: Another small update, added a blog link to my navigations and made the Last Updated text dynamic (only change date once in JS for all pages instead of changing the dates in each page). *(Aug 3, 2018)*

3.4: Small update, where I did some minor design and text changes, compressed some images, changed some http links to https. *(Aug 29, 2018)*

3.5: Fixed contact form submitting issue. AJAX submitting is working fine now. *(Mar 4, 2019)*

3.6: Converted CSS code to SCSS for easier use in the future. *(Mar 10, 2019)*

4.0: A relatively **Big** update, changed a lot of minor things, removed the contact form and added a custom one. Updated some sections of the websites, changed texts, removed credits page, added work experience in the about section and more... *(Sep 24, 2019)*

4.1: Added a chat button for sending a form application (not a personal chat button). *(Nov 3, 2019)*

4.2: Added some new coming soon projects (CCD and BOPM). *(Nov 4, 2019)*

4.3: Added a fully working Digital Agency Website Template for people to buy (opens only the full website image on click, not the actual website). Added a 'Use' button on this portfolio item. *(Nov 11, 2019)*

4.5: Changed logos throughout the site, the favicon, the banner background and the showcasing background (which loads as a preview when the link is shared somewhere). Changed some texts throughout the site, made all CTA buttons green instead of the usual blue. Portfolio section is much nicer now as I added preview images of upcoming websites and changed the title link color for better UX. Removed the buttons that lead to the next section (because I thought it's already useless, as these buttons lead to the sections which is literally under them) and other small changes here and there. *(Nov 24, 2019)*

4.6: Updated work experience section, did some GTmetrix optimizations, removed CodePen link from footer. Three portfolio items are already live, so I updated the domains of the CCD, BOPM and Aleppo Cuisine websites. Small changes in Skills, Portfolio and bottom CTA sections. Fixed and polished the blown-up Privacy Policy page. Full removal of the credits page. Minimized main JS file and the jQuery-scrollToFixed JS file, also minimized the CSS file. *(May 9, 2020)*

4.8: Finally an update after 3 years of not updating the website (unfortunately), a big design overhaul is coming so soon because it's time to modernize the website. For now I updated the work experience in the about section, added my actual and up-to-date resume, removed one of the portfolio items since the domain isn't working anymore and replaced it with another that I developed and worked on recently, removed Twitter from the website (because, should I really keep it?), optimizing/removing some unnecessary files, some polishing here and there to get set up for the upcoming big update. Stay tuned!! *(Apr 17, 2023)*

5.0: FINALLY, A WHOLE REDESIGN OF THE WEBSITE, I'm proud of this one because I did the whole thing from scratch, the logos and favicons are done by me, content updated and rewritten from scratch. I went for minimal but also modern and professional look and layout. Some other technical info: Replaced multiple features that were based on CDNs or library JS files with pure JS code instead, for ex. removed the IntroLoader library and did the loader part by pure HTML/CSS/jQuery (less requests to other library files). Leftover JS files and some SCSS code of Typed.js library removed because it was not used for the last couple of years. Many more performance and SEO optimizations, smaller media file sizes, better HTML structure, SCSS code and minimal in-house JS codes instead of relying on library/CDN files, and much more!! *(May 9, 2023)*

Commit message:

Added languages I speak in skills section on homepage, switched the form to a popup type

README.md, after:

# Kourken Kasbarian's official portfolio

This is my official portfolio website, where you'll find my works, experience, skills, projects and more...

Website: [Kourken Kasbarian](https://kkasbarian.com/)

## Feedback:

If you want to request a project or give a feedback, I'll be glad if you reach out to me from my site or on my socials mentioned on the website.

## Versions and changes:

1.0: Initial release, with lots of issues and bugs. *(Jul 9, 2017)*

1.1: Fixed some layout issues, tidied some CSS. *(Jul 15, 2017)*

1.2: Fixed portfolio buttons issue, made some small bug fixes and changes. *(Aug 12, 2017)*

1.3: Changed some colors and layout redesigns. Some buttons style changes. small footer changes. *(Aug 12, 2017)*

1.4: Added intro loader animation while the page loads and animated some elements on scroll. *(Aug 31, 2017)*

1.5: A huge update, where I changed the form submission request from Formspree to a better and convenient option which doesn't even need a server or backend to be used. There is also an AJAX response when a form is submitted (so no redirects) and spam prevention is (hopefully) there too. Finally, I deleted the local saved Font Awesome folder and instead added an external link in my HTML. *(Sep 18, 2017)*

1.6: Changed the layout of the 'Some Skills' section from stacking horizontally to stacking vertically of the icons. Changed the text of the 'About' section and made it more professional. Finally, I added few more social links on the Footer. *(Sep 27, 2017)*

1.7: A small update, I added a "Last Updated" section at the bottom of the page and made the year at the footer change automatically. *(Oct 1, 2017)*

1.8: A critical update, I fixed the navigational buttons not-working-at-all issue. *(Oct 5, 2017)*

2.0: A **Huge** update, where I rebuilt and redesigned the site from the grounds up, it includes many bug fixes, a whole new navigation with lesser code than the previous template one (I wrote it myself this time), more minimalist sections, lesser code overall (got rid of nearly 450 lines of CSS), better and minimal footer, overall better color combination throughout the site, removed lot of local JS files and linked CDN links instead, removing and adding different JS libraries and more... *(Nov 15, 2017)*

2.1: Just a small update, added my Resume, finally. That button was left empty for a long time!! *(Dec 26, 2017)*

2.2: Small update, added the Google Clone Projects, which is built with SASS, also tweaked some styling in the skills section. *(Jan 14, 2018)*

2.5: Fairly a big update, I finally got my personal domain, kkasbarian.com, set it to my personal portfolio website, changed some Google related features to adapt to the new domain, changed the links throughout the site to the new domain and updated the site description. *(Jan 27, 2018)*

2.6: A small update, added many projects on my portfolio to showcase my work! *(Jan 30, 2018)*

2.8: Another small one, changed my About bio pic. *(May 26, 2018)*

3.0: A **Big** update, I redesigned the site, picked one accent color throughout the site, changed the banner content and made it more minimal and to the point, added some nice touch to the about section, added many skills and new services, made slight changes to the portfolio section, changed the design and layout of the contact form and also changed the colors of the footer. As a bonus, I removed the random page, which was too nooby to be honest!! Made some slight changes and updates to the privacy and credits pages and some more... *(Jun 4, 2018)*

3.1: Small one, added FreeCodeCamp's challenges in my Portfolio section, which links to a README, which contains links to some of the challenges. *(Aug 1, 2018)*

3.2: Small update, added a CTA before the footer to hire me on Upwork for freelance projects! Cool idea eh?! *(Aug 2, 2018)*

3.3: Another small update, added a blog link to my navigations and made the Last Updated text dynamic (only change date once in JS for all pages instead of changing the dates in each page). *(Aug 3, 2018)*

3.4: Small update, where I did some minor design and text changes, compressed some images, changed some http links to https. *(Aug 29, 2018)*

3.5: Fixed contact form submitting issue. AJAX submitting is working fine now. *(Mar 4, 2019)*

3.6: Converted CSS code to SCSS for easier use in the future. *(Mar 10, 2019)*

4.0: A relatively **Big** update, changed a lot of minor things, removed the contact form and added a custom one. Updated some sections of the websites, changed texts, removed credits page, added work experience in the about section and more... *(Sep 24, 2019)*

4.1: Added a chat button for sending a form application (not a personal chat button). *(Nov 3, 2019)*

4.2: Added some new coming soon projects (CCD and BOPM). *(Nov 4, 2019)*

4.3: Added a fully working Digital Agency Website Template for people to buy (opens only the full website image on click, not the actual website). Added a 'Use' button on this portfolio item. *(Nov 11, 2019)*

4.5: Changed logos throughout the site, the favicon, the banner background and the showcasing background (which loads as a preview when the link is shared somewhere). Changed some texts throughout the site, made all CTA buttons green instead of the usual blue. Portfolio section is much nicer now as I added preview images of upcoming websites and changed the title link color for better UX. Removed the buttons that lead to the next section (because I thought it's already useless, as these buttons lead to the sections which is literally under them) and other small changes here and there. *(Nov 24, 2019)*

4.6: Updated work experience section, did some GTmetrix optimizations, removed CodePen link from footer. Three portfolio items are already live, so I updated the domains of the CCD, BOPM and Aleppo Cuisine websites. Small changes in Skills, Portfolio and bottom CTA sections. Fixed and polished the blown-up Privacy Policy page. Full removal of the credits page. Minimized main JS file and the jQuery-scrollToFixed JS file, also minimized the CSS file. *(May 9, 2020)*

4.8: Finally an update after 3 years of not updating the website (unfortunately), a big design overhaul is coming so soon because it's time to modernize the website. For now I updated the work experience in the about section, added my actual and up-to-date resume, removed one of the portfolio items since the domain isn't working anymore and replaced it with another that I developed and worked on recently, removed Twitter from the website (because, should I really keep it?), optimizing/removing some unnecessary files, some polishing here and there to get set up for the upcoming big update. Stay tuned!! *(Apr 17, 2023)*

5.0: FINALLY, A WHOLE REDESIGN OF THE WEBSITE, I'm proud of this one because I did the whole thing from scratch, the logos and favicons are done by me, content updated and rewritten from scratch. I went for minimal but also modern and professional look and layout. Some other technical info: Replaced multiple features that were based on CDNs or library JS files with pure JS code instead, for ex. removed the IntroLoader library and did the loader part by pure HTML/CSS/jQuery (less requests to other library files). Leftover JS files and some SCSS code of Typed.js library removed because it was not used for the last couple of years. Many more performance and SEO optimizations, smaller media file sizes, better HTML structure, SCSS code and minimal in-house JS codes instead of relying on library/CDN files, and much more!! *(May 9, 2023)*

5.1: Added languages I speak under skills on homepage, switched the contact form to a popup type, so user can click a button on contact section and the form will open. *(May 21, 2023)*
